Now there is the book leader
Come on stage for the final competition
Dear husband, what's wrong?
He doesn't want to go on stage for anything.
Didn't you tell him I can't buy it?
I said it, but he still won't come on stage
This dog is off the leash at this time.
Scholars come to the stage.
For the final competition
Those who do not come to power again will be regarded as actively abstaining
What else could we do?
I'll do it.
Anyway, I've given it to you.
Well, Uncle Shu
How can you surf the Internet in person, haha, otherwise?
Don't forget.
The agreement between you and me?
Hahaha, don't worry, I can't forget it.
Ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya